These files are for 3 different types of events found in the Gen3 and
Gen4 images.  The file names are of the form
	gXzzzYYYY-MM-DDThh.mm.ss.csv
where
	X is 3 or 4 for Gen3 or Gen4
	zzz is the content of the file (below)
	YYYY, MM, DD are the UT year, month, day of the night
	hh, mm, ss are the UT hour, minute, second when the clock t=0

The content of each file is
	(1) usec - integer microsecond since t=0
	(2) X - integer camera column
	(3) Y - integer camera row
	(4) P - 0 or 1 for - or + polarity events

Note that in the original Prophesee files, a 32-bit signed integer is
sufficient to hold all values of usec.  In merging the files to make the
"geo" files, a 64-bit signed integer is needed because of the long
duration a GEO satellite spends on the sensor.

File Contents:

"all"	These files are the RAW file produced by the camera decoded into
	CSV format.  These files are included for "evt" files because
	there may be more events in the streak than my software extracted.

"evt"	These files contain the events associated with a streak believed
	to be a true satellite.  My software used only + events (P=1) so
	the - events (P=0) associated with the streak are missing.  These,
	and possibly other events in the streak, can be extracted from
	the "all" file.

"geo"	These are synthetic "evt" files created for objects moving at
	or near the GEO rate (15 arcsec/sec).  Because of the long
	duration needed for the satellite to drift across the field
	of regard, the GEO events were extracted from each data collection
	and reformatted into a single file.  The reformatting did not
	alter the (X,Y,P) values.  All it did was refer all times to the
	t=0 epoch of the first observation - which is the same as that
	in the file name.  As a result, the usec values can be (much) longer
	than the 120 second integration time for each frame.  In extreme
	cases, the usec value is larger than can be accommodated in a
	32-bit signed integer (about 2000 usec), so the usec values need
	to be read into 64-bit signed integers to avoid loss of precision.

It is believed that 2 of the GEO satellites show flashing behavior.

	g4geo2022-02-14T12.14.48.csv - period near 47.15 seconds
	g4geo2022-02-19T06.02.31.csv - period near 53.853 seconds

As a sanity check, all of the "evt" and "geo" streaks were correlated with
the public satellite catalog.  All but a very few "evt" files correlate
with well known satellites, so this suggests that the chronology is
probably accurate to something like 1 second.
